refactor(web,web-react): unify toggle html order with checkbox #DS-2322 (#2727)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: docs/migrations/web-react/migration-v5.md

Reviewer: Is this a BC for the `web-react`? As you wrote, no additional changes are required, so maybe this is only a `web` BC and a migration guide for `web-react` is not needed.

Author: ✅ Agreed — removed the Toggle section from the web-react migration guide. This is an internal DOM order change with no public API impact; the breaking change applies only to vanilla HTML in spirit-web. Commit: aa4eaee33

You can now safely delete the `spirit-feature-enable-v5-tag-appearance` CSS class from any wrapper
elements in your project as it has no effect.

### Toggle: DOM Order Changed

> The `<Toggle>` component now renders the checkbox input before the text wrapper in the DOM,

Reviewer 2: ?

```suggestion
The `<Toggle>` component now enables to render the checkbox input before the text wrapper in the DOM,
```

Author: its already deleted from the migration file
